owner
The Wu family daughter has repeated incidents in Guangzhou
Do you want to deal with it?
It's up to you.
I don't want to pull up dirty people like this
Mr. Zhang Shuo, right?
Your takeout
And so forth.
What time is it now?
Ah, no timeout at 12:30
It's 12:31 now
Timed out by one minute
So you dare to talk to me like that
Then I should
How can I talk to you?
You are provoking me
Do you know who I am?
Didn't your family tell you?
I am the CEO of Genting Group.
Gong Luoming is in Guangzhou
Designate the next vice president of the branch
Oh, dear.
Which immortal am I here to cross the calamity?
It turned out to be a small tube of the Guozhou branch
It's still negative
You timed out one minute today.
Your time is worthless
Do you know how much money I can make in a minute?
I can make 10 million a minute
You wasted a minute on me today.
I lost 10 million. Can you afford it?
10 million is your serious ceiling